	Constantly pressured to find something I liked as a kid outside of eating ice cream and playing with friends, almost daily I would be at soccer practice, a flag football game, or rehearsing my kata. Nothing sparked a flame in me, but music was the thing that stuck. 

	At 5 or 6 years old I started learning piano, which kept my brain satiated as I learned the fundamentals of music theory. After a few years of only performing at amateur recitals hosted by my music instructor, I joined my middle school's band program. However, neither trumpet nor clarinet satisfied like the tactile response of piano hammer against strings. I thought the only road forward was to continue with private piano lessons, as I couldn't join an ensemble because of my choice of instrument. 
    
	After I met my town's high school band director, now my "AP Life" teacher (as he calls it), I was convinced to join the percussion section. Not limited to one instrument anymore, I felt a sort of freedom. Piece after piece, I added a new skill or rudiment to my musical repertoire. Reflecting on my experience in music today, I realize that throughout the past seven years, I had not just joined a section; I entered a tight-knit community that eventually became my closest friends. 
    
	My percussion experience has taken me to countless marching band competitions across my home state of Illinois, to perform with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra at the Ravinia Festival, an exhibit at the 2023 WGI Chicago Regional, and now to audition for the non-profit Pi Percussion to compete in the 2024 season. Learning and evolving a skill like being able to play music helped me in ways outside of just developing connections with other people -- it assisted in my education and everyday life as well. 
    
	Breaking down beats and complex rhythms now feels trivial, like setting up optimization problems in Calculus. Gaining strength while carrying heavy tenor drums for hours equivalent to a part-time job  gave me a newfound interest in personal fitness and working out. 

	All the time I spent doing things I didn't love helped me find what I did. Perhaps a lesson to take with me in my next journey: being open to it all can lead me to what I'm searching for.